+++
title = "Completed alerts"
weight = 3
+++

Before archived, all alerts are listed consecutively in an endless list.
As known from the participant list, it's also possible to search for
specific alerts using the filter menu.

Once the alert has been completed, an alert protocol is stored under
“**completed alerts**” in the “Status” menu. The entire alert process is
summarized in various reports that can be made available for other
applications and sent via e-mail.
![](/img/abgeschlossene_alarme_neu_en.b6f35b1b8a65a287b764ec962d6356ba.png?width=700px&classes=shadow)
The table shows the following from left to right:

- **Alert name** (the triggered alert)

- **Description** (additional alert description)

- **Dispatcher** (who triggered the alert?)

- **Scheduled** (when was the alert scheduled?)

- **Started** (when did the alert start?)

- **Closed** (when did the alert end?)

- **Function** (available functions, reports and logs for the
    respective alert)

    
The most important functions are:
![](/img/pdf_wichtigste_funktionen_1_en.b4c2ebf3b80dcd9ce61d6afe6d1fbe28.png){.mediacenter
width="200"}](../pdf_wichtigste_funktionen_1_en.png_en_ea_abgeschlossene-alarme.en.md "en:pdf_wichtigste_funktionen_1_en.png")
**1. PDF Alert report**
![](/img/alarmprotokol_pdf_en.8314a73fb48972ef68e6ce00daa2686c.png)

In the first section of the protocol, you will see the alert name with
the exact dates and times of the scheduled, started, ended and closed
alerts.
![](/img/alarmprotokol_pdf_1teil_en.b41c98cd4a0ed4a9c1e05cc23c50b4bd.png)
The second part displays all units alerted. The number of alerted group
participants as well as how many of them were alerted is displayed as
bracket note.
![](/img/alarmprotokol_pdf_2teil_en.png)

Third section: The alert text is listed in all available languages.
![](/img/alarmprotokol_pdf_dritter_teil_en.png)
The fourth section shows alert Options.

- Alert : ALL, as long as no restrictions have been imposed, otherwise
    the individual media are listed

- SMS: SMSprio or normal SMS

- Escalation levels

- Termination criteria if any have been defined

- Protocol recipients if e-mail addresses or fax numbers were entered

![](/img/alarmprotokol_pdf_3teil_en.png)
The summary and thus the progress of the alert are provided in the fifth
section. It is a detailed statistic. Change the basic setting and (for
instance), set positive acknowledgements to 80%. In the figure below,
one person was alerted who then acknowledged with “Yes”. The
acknowledgement is therefore shown in green with 100%.
![](/img/alarmprotokol_pdf_5_teil_en.png)
An overview of the participants and their stati is presented in the
sixth section.
![](/img/alarmprotokol_pdf_6_teil_en.c35c06a79b4ccc77a3c4c882ec0a251f.png)
The seventh section of the protocol shows a detailed summary of the
dispatch and traffic volume.
![](/img/alarmprotokol_pdf_7_teil_en.png)

**2. PDF Alert log**

Detailed overview of the individually alerted participants, which shows
who was alerted and in what manner, which rescource was used and when
this alert was triggered (incl. the related time stamps). The various
stati and symbols are explained in the legend.
![](/img/alarmprotokol_2_pdf_en.79ea5524f5a94211334ac6c0e6656cdf.png?width=700px&classes=shadow)

**3. PDF view of the costs – cost analysis for the respective alert**
![](/img/alarmprotokol_3_pdf_en.png)
**4. Opens an Excel document with the chronological sequence of the
alert.**

**5. Opens a window which allows to enter an e-mail address as a
receiver for the alert logs.**
